* URL: copilot.microsoft.com
* If you have copilot pro, that unlocks Copilot on productivity web apps. If you also have a 365 account, it unlocks Copilot on desktop productivity apps. 
* Inside Word, you can open a chat prompt. It has a paperclip button that ONLY lets you attach/reference documents you already havfe in your OneDrive. [[WACK This is a moat attempt. ]]
* Functionality
	* Copilot image creation [[Censorship]]
		* Won't create images of public figures, nudity, violence, or their definition of hateful content. 
		* [[CAUTION]] images made with Copilot have an invisible watermark on them as part of their [[Content Credentails functionality. ]]. It labels tham as AI generated, and stamps them with the creation timestamp. 
		* 
		* 
	* Copilot panel in Edge
		* You can use this to summarize and ask questions about the page you're currently on. 
		* USEFUL: You can use this functionality in a Google doc. 
			* You can do stuff like open a page and say, "create a social media post about the tours offered on this page."
	* Voice Interaction:
		* Click the microphone next to the prompt text input to talk to i t organically like a person. Just interrupt it if you want it to hush or to move in another direction. X out to stop the voice chat. 
			* You can use it for stuff like practice interviewing. 
			* You can also use it for new language learning practice. 
			* Customize voice settings in the account menu -> Settings. 
			* NOTE: Voice ATOV 6.5.2025, voice couldn't answer all types of queries, and text was preferable for certain (unspecified) use cases. 
	* MS Edge has a copilot button in the top right. 
	* Microsoft 11 has copilot built into the Start menu. 
		* NOTE: Windows 11 has an app for both Copilot AND Microsoft 365 Copilot (paid version). 
* Quick or Deep responses are available, even when selecting a canned follow-up question. 
* Pro gives you the Deep Research third option. 
* You can share Copilot chats or store info from a Copilot chat in an editable page. TODO: what's the difference between this functionality and Canvases? 
* NOTE: At the time of recording for https://www.linkedin.com/learning/streamlining-your-work-with-microsoft-copilot-25840178/share-responses-or-save-them-in-editable-pages?autoSkip=true&contextUrn=urn%3Ali%3AlyndaLearningPath%3A6477ad5c498e72fec31ca876&resume=false
	* (viewed 6.5.2025, recorded earlier), Deep Research results aren't included in a convo share, even if the preview includes the Deep Research results. 
* "Pages" - if you look at a Copilot response, one of the menu options is to "Edit the response" which creates a page. 
	* A Page spawns in with just th etext of the response that spawned it. It opens under the "Pages" tab of the chat. You can edit the Page like a Canvas. 
	* You can make a new Page from the arrow menu in a conversation thr4ead. 
	* ATOV, you can't do Deep Research responses in a Page chat. That'll probably change. 
	* Once you have a Page, if you menu to edit a response, it'll in clude the option to add the response's content to a pre-existing page. 
	* Try using Pages as a place to edit, draft, and iterate content generated by a prompt. 
* Canned starter prompts show examples of prompts Copilot handles well. 
	* 
* Copilot versions
	* Pay tiers
		* Free
		* Copilot Pro
			* Pro has more updated model access
			* Pro allows copilot use inside the 3MS productivity suite
			* 
		* 365 subscription
	* User type
		* Personal 
		* Organizational
* 